The recently launched JWST has revolutionized the characterization of transiting exoplanets. As noted in the original version of this chapter, JWST provides broader wavelength coverage, higher measurement precision, and greater spectral resolution than the previous generation of space telescopes, opening the door to characterizing a wider range of exoplanet atmospheres in more detail than ever before. Just one year into science operations, JWST has already started to deliver on this promise. The state of the art is changing too quickly to merit a full update to this chapter, so here we add a few science highlights and a preview of what is still to come.

Transiting exoplanet science with JWST started off with a bang, with a 26$\sigma$ detection of carbon dioxide (CO2) for the hot Saturn WASP-39b, first appearing on the arXiv just one month after the observations were completed (JWST Transiting Exoplanet Community Early Release Science Team et al. 2023).  This was followed by a panchromatic transmission spectrum for the planet from 0.6 - 5 micron, revealing additional spectral features from H2O, CO, Na, and SO2 (Ahrer et al. 2023, Rustamkulov et al. 2023, Alderson et al. 2023, Feinstein et al. 2023).  This is the most complete chemical census for any exoplanet to date. The data quality is excellent, with close to photon-limited precision over the full wavelength range.  Work is still ongoing to retrieve the chemical composition from the complete spectrum, but prospects are good for very precise molecular abundance measurements for WASP-39b, as well as a slew of other gas giants set to be observed early on in JWST's lifetime. 

JWST is also starting to reveal the complexity of gas giant atmospheres in unprecedented detail, including their disequilibrium chemistry and three-dimensional structure.  One of the first big surprises from the observatory was the detection of photochemically-produced SO2 in WASP-39b -- this molecule is not expected in chemical equilibrium, but it is naturally explained by photochemical reactions driven by high-energy radiation (Tsai et al. 2023). Other first glimpses of the detailed physics and chemistry accessible to JWST include a map of the dayside brightness temperature for the ultra-hot Jupiter WASP-18b (Coulombe et al. 2023), and the first spectral features uniquely attributable to silicate clouds (Grant et al. 2023, Dyrek et al. 2023). 

JWST has also pushed forward our knowledge of smaller planets. The first observations of sub-Neptunes are out, including a full-orbit phase curve for the benchmark planet GJ 1214b and a transmission spectrum for the habitable-zone sub-Neptune K2-18b. After over a decade of observations of GJ 1214b, the phase curve finally revealed a high metallicity (~100 - 1000x solar) atmospheric composition and a high albedo of 0.5 (Kempton et al. 2023, Gao et al. 2023). K2-18b shows strong absorption features from methane, previously mistaken for H2O based on the limited wavelength coverage from HST (Madhusudhan et al. 2023). The planet also has CO2 but no ammonia, matching expectations for an exotic Hycean world with a deep ocean layer, unlike any planet in the Solar System (Madhusudhan et al. 2021, Hu et al. 2021).

Perhaps the most highly anticipated JWST results are for rocky planets orbiting M-dwarfs. At the time of writing, no atmospheres have been definitively detected for these planets. Features are present in several transmission spectra, but it is not clear whether the features are due to stellar contamination or the planetary atmospheres (Moran et al. 2023, Lim et al. 2023, May et al. 2023). Thermal emission measurements from secondary eclipse are more definitive:  for the iconic TRAPPIST-1 system, secondary eclipse observations of the inner two planets revealed hot daysides that are inconsistent with thick, CO2-rich atmospheres (Greene et al. 2023, Zieba et al. 2023).  The search is still on for an unambiguous detection of an atmosphere on a rocky planet, but if such an atmosphere is to be found, JWST has the capability to detect it. 

These results are just the tip of the iceberg for transiting exoplanet science with JWST: in Cycles 1 and 2, there are already 114 unique planets scheduled to be observed. The expected mission lifetime of JWST is now up to 20 years. Going forward, if we continue the current pace of transiting exoplanet atmospheres observations, we can expect to learn about over 1000 planets with this remarkable observatory.



